### Project Specification

Almost all people are exposed to different chemicals during their lifetimes through different sources including food, household cleaning products and medicines. However, in some cases, these chemicals can be toxic and affect human health. As a matter of fact, over 30% of drugs have failed in human clinical trials because they are determined to be toxic despite promising pre- clinical studies in animal models. Consider real-world clinical trials for assessing drugs are extremely time-consuming, it is ideal if a computational drug molecular toxicity assessment method can be developed to quickly test whether certain chemicals have the potential to disrupt processes in the human body of great concern to human health.
Deep neural network has become a hot research topic in machine learning in recent years. Compared to other methods, deep learning has shown its advantages in handling large amount of data and achieving better performance. In this individual project, you will be given a dataset of drug molecules with their SMILES expressions (which will be explained later) and the binary labels indicating whether one drug molecule is toxic or not. You are going to develop a Deep Neural Network which can learn useful patterns from the data provided and predict the toxicity of a new list of molecules based on learned knowledge using TensorFlow package.
TensorFlow is an open-source software library designed for numerical computation using data flow graph and is widely used in deep learning community. It has many convenient APIs for implementing deep neural networks, more details would be introduced in our tutorial.
